                      The mini-httpd Web Server

Compiling the software should be pretty straight forward, as long as
you have a moderately up-to-date C++ compiler. GNU gcc 3.x or later
should work just fine. Note, though, that in order to build,
mini-httpd needs the Boost.Spirit library. You can get the latest
version from <http://www.boost.org/>. Chances are good that your
system's package manager can install Boost for you, since the library
is becoming fairly popular among C++ programmers and most
distributions support it already.

If you don't want to install Boost just because of mini-httpd, just
copy the header files somewhere mini-httpd can find them during the
build. mini-httpd does not need the compiled libraries, just the
headers.

Once you're ready, just do the usual

    ./configure --prefix=/path/of/your/choice
    make
    make install

routine to install the software. The default prefix is
/usr/local/mini-httpd, if you don't specify anything else. More
details on how to run configure can be found in the file INSTALL.

GNU gcc users may want to enable gcc's template optimizer by calling
configure like this:

    CXXFLAGS='-O3 -frepo' LDFLAGS='-s -frepo' ./configure

This should produce a much smaller executable. On my system, the
binary's size goes down from 380 KB to 280 KB.

The non-standard configure flag --with-debug allows you to include
support for debugging messages into the binary. You can still enable
or disable them at run-time, but you're binary will be a bit larger
and probably slightly less performant. Choose --without-debug if you
don't wont to use any of this.

All further documentation can be found in mini-httpd's manual page. If
you want to read to without installing the software fist, run this
command:

    man ./httpd.8

That's it. Have fun. :-)

                                        Peter Simons <simons@cryp.to>
